README.md, before:

# SanScript

The development of SanScript centers around three key components: Lexer, Parser, and Interpreter. These components work in harmony to process and execute the SanScript code. Here's a brief overview of each:

## Lexer:

- The Lexer is responsible for breaking down the code into meaningful units called tokens.
- Tokens are the building blocks that represent the fundamental elements of the code, such as keywords, identifiers, and operators.

## Parser:

- The Parser acts as an architect, creating a structured plan known as an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST).
- The AST represents the hierarchical structure of the code, capturing its syntax and semantics in a more organized manner.

## Interpreter:

- The Interpreter takes the AST and executes the plan, bringing the SanScript code to life.
- It ensures the smooth functionality of the code, step by step, aligning with the principles of JavaScript.


## Installation

- Install it globally using command
`npm i -g sanscript-mj`

## Usage

- The choice of a file extension for SanScript code is .lipi, and to execute the code, one needs to navigate to the SanScript folder and run the following command:
`aarambh <filename.lipi>`

Commit message:

Refactor DevLipi code and update package information

README.md, after:

# DevLipi

Introducing DevLipi – the whimsical wonderland of coding crafted with a sprinkle of Sanskrit-inspired syntax. DevLipi is crafted with a backend powered by JavaScript, ensuring a robust foundation. It functions as a interpreted language, allowing step-by-step code execution. The development of DevLipi centers around three key components: Lexer, Parser, and Interpreter. These components work in harmony to process and execute the DevLipi code.

## Lexer:

- The Lexer is responsible for breaking down the code into meaningful units called tokens.
- Tokens are the building blocks that represent the fundamental elements of the code, such as keywords, identifiers, and operators.

## Parser:

- The Parser acts as an architect, creating a structured plan known as an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST).
- The AST represents the hierarchical structure of the code, capturing its syntax and semantics in a more organized manner.

## Interpreter:

- The Interpreter takes the AST and executes the plan, bringing the DevLipi code to life.
- It ensures the smooth functionality of the code, step by step, aligning with the principles of JavaScript.


## Installation

- Install it globally using command
`npm i -g devlipi`

## Usage

- The choice of a file extension for DevLipi code is .lipi, and to execute the code, one needs to navigate to the DevLipi folder and run the following command:
`aarambh <filename.lipi>`
